Correct spelling (#57)
pyconau/2019.pycon-au.org: _pages/assistance.md

## Reimbursement process

> If granted assistance, you will still be expected to organise and purchase travel and accommoodation yourself and await reimbursement. You will be given a maximum amount of reimbursment based on the assistance you requested. Once assistance is granted, you can start making bookings and sending us your receipts.

Reviewer: There are 2 spelling mistakes in this line: `s/accommoodation/accommodation/` and `s/reimbursment/reimbursement`
```suggestion
If granted assistance, you will still be expected to organise and purchase travel and accommodation yourself and await reimbursement. You will be given a maximum amount of reimbursement based on the assistance you requested. Once assistance is granted, you can start making bookings and sending us your receipts.
```
